refactor!: split AvroAttrsBridge into distinct methods (#60)
openedx/openedx-events: docs/decisions/0005-external-event-schema-format.rst

* The binary encoding of messages will use AVRO specification.

* New utilities will be created to auto generate Avro schema from the ``init_dict`` property of an OpenEdxPublicSignal instance

  * Out of the box, the code will generate schemas for ``attrs`` decorated classes and Avro primitives
  * Developers will be able to create extensions on de/serializers to handle non-attrs, non-primitive classes

Implementation Notes
--------------------

The openedx_events.event_bus.avro.schema module is a potential approach to this using the `built-in metadata`_ that the ``attrs`` library provides for extending ``attrs``.

.. _built-in metadata: https://www.attrs.org/en/stable/extending.html

Consequences
------------

* There will be code that will abstract away schema generation from most developers of events.  This may have a negative impact as it might make it harder for developers to reason about schema evolution.

> * For non-primitive, non-attr types (eg. Opaque Keys objects), the utility code between will need to have special serializers or clearly fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For non-primitive, non-attr types (eg. Opaque Keys objects), the utility code will need to have special serializers or fail with a clear message.
```
